Update new-relic-cookies-used-browser.mdx (#18930)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/browser/browser-monitoring/page-load-timing-resources/new-relic-cookies-used-browser.mdx

  </tbody>
</table>

## Local Storage [#local]

> The Browser Agent uses the sessionStorage API to set a timestamped identifier in the end-user's browser local storage and enable session tracking. The behavior is documented [here](/docs/browser/browser-monitoring/page-load-timing-resources/cookie-collection-session-tracking/). That page also includes instructions on how to disable session tracking for an app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The browser agent uses the sessionStorage API to set a timestamped identifier in the end user's browser local storage. This action enables session tracking, which is documented in [our doc about cookie collection and session tracking](/docs/browser/browser-monitoring/page-load-timing-resources/cookie-collection-session-tracking/). That page also includes instructions on how to disable session tracking for an app.
```

Reviewer: @toobagrrl please confirm if this edit is good to go as is, or needs a subtle fix before we merge! thanks!
